Napoleone de Buonaparte was born in Ajaccio, one of the large towns on the island of Corsica, which was a modest population who sustained themselves by growing their fine stuff, defined due to their nice mix of French and Italian. But we know nothing could last long, and the place that once stood as the prettiest town was more or less the spot by the lawyer with Scottish blood by the name of James Boswell. Turning to a place of fire of spirit that Napoleon held close to in times of need and hid when he felt the need, but in his mind held that the spirit of Pasquale Paoli was fair—for this man who paved roads, won the battle of Pescicoste, the man nicknamed "Daddy" who stabilized the island’s financial, legal, and educational system, started a printing press, and much more. But unfortunately, the Italians did not want to stand with it and sold it to France for 40 million, and arrested and exiled him and Carlo Buonaparte, Napoleon’s father, who supported Paoli. But when push came to shove, swore to work with the king so he got back some position that he was able to enjoy a life of debt, and it was always a wonder if Napoleon looked down on his father, turning his heart. But it does not seem like he did. Since the family was able to prove that they had some French in their blood, they took young Napoleon in to give him an education, and so the 9-year-old went off to France to master himself—first excelling so much by learning to read and write in French with a love of math. He moved up to a better school where he picked up his love of literature and sparked the fire of history from Charlemagne to Louis XIV. His love for his mother was the thing that stopped him from going to the sea, and even though he was not the oldest, he stood up when his father died and stopped everything to come back where he saw his younger siblings for the first time. By the age of 26, he wrote and wrote, reaching history to romance novels while still young. He held down a riot and was upgraded.
